Fix typography and structure of PerformanceNavigationTiming.type (#8933)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancenavigationtiming/type/index.md

---
{{APIRef("Navigation Timing")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`type`** read-only property returns a the type of navigation.

## Value

> The value is one of the following strings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A {{domxref("DOMString","string")}} containing one of the following values:
```

> - `navigate`

Reviewer: when Joe and I have been doing these we have been making string values obviously strings, so this would be "navigate". I don't know if that's actually what happens everywhere, but if not maybe we need to revise what we are doing instead!

Author: I was applying the rule I was told for string literals (coming from IDL enums).

I have no strong feeling (except that all reviewers should have the same rules). I have asked the question on slack and we will have the official rule. If you and Joe are applying this rule, either it is correct (likely) or there will be 100s of pages to fix, so one more will not be a big deal.

A {{domxref("DOMString","string")}} containing one of the following values:

- `"navigate"`
  - : Navigation started by clicking a link, entering the URL in the browser's address
    bar, form submission, or initializing through a script operation other than reload and
    back_forward as listed below.
- reload
- `"reload"`
  - : Navigation is through the browser's reload operation or
    {{domxref("location.reload()")}}.
- back_forward
- `"back_forward"`
  - : Navigation is through the browser's history traversal operation.
- prerender
- `"prerender"`
  - : Navigation is initiated by a [prerender hint](https://www.w3.org/TR/resource-hints/#prerender).

This property is {{readonlyInline}}.

## Syntax

```js
perfEntry.type;
```

> ### Return Value

Reviewer 2: Doesn't removing the return value make this less scannable? After all, this content is more like a dictionary than a magazine article.
